Clarify the use of svelte-kit preview and adapters (#1613)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/10-adapters.md

title: Adapters
---

> Before you can deploy your SvelteKit app, you need to _adapt_ it for your deployment target. Adapters are small plugins that take the built app as input and generate output that is optimised for a specific platform. How the resulting app is served depends on the adapter and further instructions can be found in the documentation for each adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can deploy your SvelteKit app, you need to _adapt_ it for your deployment target. Adapters are small plugins that take the built app as input and generate output for deployment. Many adapters are optimised for a specific hosting provider, and you can generally find information about deployment in your adapter's documentation. However, some adapters, like `adapter-static`, build output that can be hosted on numerous hosting providers, so it may also be helpful to reference the documentation of your hosting provider in these cases.
```
